Move stable REST API migration guide to UPDATING.md (#10098)
mistercrunch/Airflow: UPDATING.md

https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation

-->
### Migration Guide from Experimental API to Stable API v1

> If your application is still using the experimental API, it is important to
> consider migrating to the stable API so that your application continues to
> work.
> 
> The stable API exposes many endpoints available through the webserver. Here are the
> differences between the two endpoints that will help you migrate from the
> experimental REST API to the stable REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In Airflow 2.0, we added the new REST API. Experimental API still works, but support may be dropped in the future. If your application is still using the experimental API, you should
consider migrating to the stable API.

The stable API exposes many endpoints available through the webserver. Here are the
differences between the two endpoints that will help you migrate from the
experimental REST API to the stable REST API.
```
